Is that the ad you thought?
The cool gift box conveys happiness and good taste.
This is too funny
Right.
It just has to be funny enough to spread
The more catchy it is
The more word of mouth will spread
Trigger maximum transmission effect
Why do you feel like you've changed?
Why didn't I know you knew so much before?
Really?
Maybe I didn't get it before
Oops, I didn't kiss it just now, let's take another bite.
The atmosphere was interrupted by your advertisement
Always like this
Old couple
It seems that I came at a bad time.
Yu Shuang, you came at the right time
Shuangjian, why are you here?
It's Fangyuan who came to the place where we sell again to make trouble.
What's the matter? He said he collected 100 sets of reservoir cards
To exchange for 100 cars
That's simply not possible.
But he said he had already brought the card.
Yiqiu, why don't you take Yu Shuang to have a look first?
Good wife, then I'll deal with it first.
Hey, go ahead.
I can take care of myself
Double ring big brother and sister, why should I use it?
Move reinforcements